# Assignment 04: Contextual Inquiry (User Study) by Tina Nguyen
## Project Design Challenge
While the Audiu app is currently marketed as an app that can be used by both music consumers and music creators to broaden their musical horizons and enhance their overall music consuming and creating experience, the design of the app fails to create a sense of community that allows for a back and forth exchange of thoughts and ideas between users. With my app redesign, I hope to address this design challenge and add features that are conducive to community building and open conversation between users who wish to discover new music and users who would like to hear feedback about the music they've created. My goal is to turn first time listeners into lifelong followers of an artist as well as to give up and coming artists an outlet with which they can grow their career through exposure and constructive criticism. This would fulfill esteem needs for users at both ends of the musical spectrum. Music consumers would feel like they are valued by music creators for their feedback and support while music creators would feel like they are respected by those who enjoy their music. 

Traditionally, up and coming artists could perform on the street, and as of recently, they could post their music on platforms like YouTube to try and gain attention. Those looking for new music could ask for reccommendations from friends or try to explore streaming services on their own. The issue with these solutions is that none of them are made specifically to fulfill the goal that is set out by the individual. Artists who perform on the street or post videos on YouTube might only be unintentionally stumbled upon by someone who is interested; there is no guarantee that anyone will pay attention to them. Individuals who are actively seeking new music to listen to must sift through more popular music they've already heard. With today's technology, we can move beyond this roadblock and create a platform that is better suited for this type of activity. 
## Target User
The Audiu app is desgined for users from the teenage years to young adult years who have begun to form an idea of who they are as a person and their likes/dislikes, but are still open to exploring options outside their comfort zone. These users enjoy either listening to music, creating music, or both. They also enjoy sharing their experiences with others and are used to doing so via social media. While they do appreciate mainstream music, they are looking to expose themselves to new sounds and artists. Users may also be amateur artists who are trying to make themselves known, but do not have the resources to do so. These users are constantly listening to or creating music everywhere they go, so they need something portable. They would normally rely on apps like Spotify, Apple Music, and SoundCloud to aid in their search for music or to allow them to share their work with others.  
## Research Methods & Plan
In order to gain a better understanding of the target market and what their needs are, I will be conducting an interview with an individual who fits within the target user description. I have chosen to interview this person because she is a current undergraduate student who enjoys discovering new music but also plays the guitar and would like to gain feedback from others. 
## Interview Guide
My interview guide can be found [here.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18L2gjK9DtOfDz4cWBq2Y7q8A1wvW1MUz62mXbET3Ie4/edit?usp=sharing)
## User Data
The audio from my interview can be found [here.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qvZgqq_CVisQHp8KbcplvAOVZn48zaie/view?usp=sharing)
## Transcript
A transcript of my interview can be found [here.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MxDwnukKDavsXwVmNSrjdUr_LMZfHBS0rd8nRBbKSNQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
## Reflection
Overall, I felt like the interview itself went relatively smoothly. The hardest part for me was actually planning out what questions to ask because it was hard to prepare follow up questions when I didn't know what the participant's response would be. It was also difficult to order the questions in a way where they would naturally flow because sometimes the participant's answer could veer off topic. In the future, I would give myself more flexibility with the questions, possibly by just writing down a general idea of what I want to ask instead of the question word for word. Also, since this interview focused more on the music consumer side, I would also conduct an interview that is more focused on the music creator side next time. 

After listening to the interview over again, I was able to gain highly valuable insight about what my target user is looking for in a music discovery app. I found that the use of curated playlists was an important aspect to the user's experience. The user enjoyed both playlists that had a mix of genres as well as playlists that contained songs that are similar to the ones she already likes. The user also expressed that she liked the organizational aspect of playlists, but she would like it if the app organized her songs within her playlists for her (i.e. by genre). In analyzing the way in which the user went about finding new music, I found that she took a very network-oriented appraoch, where she'd start with one trusted source (i.e. her friends or an artist she likes) and from there find other similar songs/artists and just move along this interconnected network that never really took her beyond what she was already vaguely familiar with. The user, however, expressed that this could be very time consuming and overwhelming. In the redesign of the Audiu app, I hope to streamline and simplify this process so that instead of it taking 10+ clicks to get the user to a song they liked, it would only take around 2-3. I will also consider organizing songs into playlists instead of having the user skip through each one at a time.
